Good to see you to We see if like can't record do you have controlled kids for recording.
Yes, I do. Please request recording the meetings being okay, I think I was just able to request it.
Great, so given for a in the second time we're going to to get started, and we like to welcome to our tse seminar in today.
Morning, at 11 o'clock, he would like to welcome it Dr.
A Florian cardinal. The Ronan actually is a data scientist or a decision scientist team in the year growth farmer.
Prior to this he actually was in the aircraft science, working on developing autonomous supply chain systems in order to drive the right balance between the manuscript ensure that supply chain was So reliable in
this case sit on chemistry to satisfy every cultural needs.
A Dr. Arnold, he, prior to joining me a year, conducted research at the interface with what we call it the Optimization machine Learning.
2 from the University are healthy and work. He has a PHD.
In aboriginal research and evangelical psychology.
Honey. you stay in the communion of this technical skill.
If you he's passionate about visualization and drive actionable in size by technically communicating using human perception, Therefore it's really great to see the world that he actually dropped within within our in the company in order to help us
improve our ability to communicate our results more effectively. The Florida will definitely share that what we do, and we hope that to interact along the presentation and and you learn from him based on his experience and Dr.
Arnold, please take it away and thank you for joining us today, at the very late I would in the evening of us to in Germany.
It's a pleasure good to I just wonder How can I can I still share my screen when I entered the meeting.
I kind of had the option. but now I don't see it anymore, or you don't see it at the bottom.
It's a sheriff screen. Oh, I do have government great There we go.
Okay, does it? Great? Yes, we can see it. Okay. Yes. Thanks.
So much for joining for the session i'm Florian.
I'm located in cologne and germany so here it's almost in our time.
Thanks so much, Plato, for inviting inviting me to talk and talk about visualization that's a topic I actually embraced more and more all the parts I have to because the challenge I think in all of our this
complexity and complexity. well, something that you can learn to master, but it's something very difficult to communicate to others, especially people that are maybe not in the same field.
But also if the colleagues of yours friends of yours that work on the same field, sometimes difficult, it takes time to comes from knowledge, or to mix. understand what you're actually doing in this regard revelation can help a lot Yeah, I would
like to talk about some of the basic concepts so it's not a very detailed talk about all of the details that are there in utilization is a lot to talk about. But it's just a high level overview to start
with the talk is very interactive. so I would like you to just like, participate as much as you would like.
I would not. I will ask you a lot of questions and all right let's just start.
It sounds of rolling. The first question is, why, why would you spend time on it?
I already expect a little bit. Why, well, the thing the key thing is probably, that whether you prepare your best luck thesis, your master's thesis, whether you're working on a PHD project, or whether you're working you want to
prepare a presentation for your team for management, that you want to convince someone of a certain message that you did something great that you that you proved something I knew to innovate.
And you want people to not only understand the message, But do you want people to remember what you did?
There. And this is what visualization is very good for because pictures is something that stick in mind rather than more much more than language.
Secondly, that's especially important now, for our more and more remote work and remote interactions is to avoid misunderstandings, especially in more complex fields, like as all of us are working in and complexities or
misunderstandings are very common. visualizations can help you to clarify functions. models.
Results, and so forth. Interpretations? No, this is actually contradictionary.
You would. We might think, because everyone now said, If you want to prepare a good visual, that it can take quite some time.
And but here, I say, save time actually and that comes from the reason that if you prepare a nice visual, you can reuse the time and time again, like just an example like this presentation that i'm just showing you today I already,
presented it 5 times or so over the course of the last 2 years.
2 different audiences. So once you have done. it you kind of we use it especially for for very work that you're really proud of what that you can present over and over again, and especially you can You can save audiences time this
is, if you if you explain something by by maybe showing data, or by even just explaining it just with a woman, Why, by talking that sometimes you quite a lot of cognitive energy for your audience to to understand to get into the topic understand what's going
on to think; whereas if you have a common picture that you share, you have like a much better basis to talk about together.
So in this regard to safety, audiences time, and energy.
If you prepare a nice visual, which is free of any misunderstandings which makes a manpoint when you break here.
And and finally, I think this is also actually one of the most important things that just for yourself also, you prepare a nice visual that you can reuse again and again, and which really highlight the quality of your work also the quality of the visual will
just turn, reflect the quality of your life. Okay, Then I have a small, warm-up challenge here. the challenge is that I I want you to count the number of times the digit.
3 appears here, and the text and just shout a few.
She had. It looks like 6 times. I counted 7. I counted 7.
I believe you actually correct, and we have to look at the solution.
But let's just go to the next slide and then i'll show you what I mean down so if you would try to do the same thing.
Now with this slide it's a little bit easier I guess you see immediately it's actually a 7, and that's actually what an a very brief example about the cognitive processing that you need to do like even though
It's very you see the same information in the second slide I highlighted what you had to look for.
And then it's obviously way easier in the first slide. It took you quite some seconds, and I guess also quite some energy to process and go through all of the roles and counts whereas here.
I really just I like it like a little bit and it's way easier for you. And the same applies for like this is the basic principle of visualization.
What you want to do so. So you don't want your audience to look for something that you want to tell them.
But you want to just show it directly, and highlight it as easy as possible for your audience to perceive it.
If, later on you want to read some more on visualization, then I can recommend these 2 books also.
The most of the examples that I will now go through are taken from those especially.
The first book was very good. it's a very brief read so you can read it couple of days.
Space and love examples were practical, and the second book is a little bit more detailed.
There's also more about statistical visualization.
Yes. So now I actually do the same thing as I showed you this threes.
But now we go into actual visuals, and what I want you to do is I want you to look at the this graph, and I I want to just shout out your ideas like what do you see here like what is your interpretation of this
visual. What is the message that is i'm being conveyed here?
Most people are. Ok. with the survey like they're neutral I guess of it.
Yeah, I think I think a good number of people I think more people are like favorable towards it than not.
Yeah, that that's what it seems like red the green is the biggest one.
Some are interested in very fewer board. but what I wanted just to show you a little bit is that it's just a chart, and this is not really clear what the message is.
You can. You have to read the bar chart, and oh, the pie chart!
And you have to look for a message. You have to interpret it yourself.
Basically, no one gives you any clue what but it's social as you and something that I want to highlight here is that, for instance, for once you have elected logical ordering.
It's not really clear. So is it actually that like it is kind of like a scale.
So you go from board to excited Then, in terms of cognitive effort that you need to do in order to read the visual and try to
Come to some interpretations you needed to look at each part of the chart, and then look to them color, and it interpreted, and back and forth and back and forth, and back and forth.
And that's when when you hear you already forgot what screen was in it to look like. And so, because you have this kind of legend which is separated from your pie chart, you need to go back and forth your eyes then one thing
that is little bit tricky Here we will come to this topic again again as coloring.
So the you have very, very strong colors and they also again.
They don't show any ordering when you start as blue you go with green, and then Violet, and so it's It's not really helping your color.
It's just showing it's that something's different but not ordering or highlighting, and okay of platform on the colors.
That's also for your eyes hard to kind of see this kind of can you?
Can you do it? Much much easier on the for the is like the overall problem.
Here is, of course, that the key point is not clear, as you mentioned, like.
Okay, you can read something with the percentages like, what is the context like?
What does it tell us is that the message that 50 or 60% are okay, or a second majority.
We don't know Now I have 2 more examples and just go ahead.
And again, there are short audio ideas also in terms of what do you think is not so good about this graph?
Any any immediate voting. Think my first reaction is that it's just very busy like It's hard to kind of look at and and even read, because you have these white percentages on like gray and light blue so, even like without like
whether it like not even talking about whether it conveys a point or not.
This is like kind of difficult to look at don't you don't want to look at it if you look at it.
I mean it's exhausting immediately I agree with Owen. Also he can't tell the bars actually correspond to, because they all kind of have the same label to anything else. the shift of the colors
doesn't respond doesn't it's not you know relate here to the meaning.
I think also like the fact that it's individual like you don't really know.
Is it like it's a feature or something like is that like one person, each like each thing is one person, or it's kind.
It's hard to tell that like maybe each thing is a different feature that you're trying to portray.
Yeah, all very good points. it's very busy the coloring is is not here like if you in terms of coloring, I would personally look first at kind of this very very strong color here, like the pink, which is very stronger than the others, and
maybe think that this is the high and what should be highlighted but maybe it's not.
Yeah, there's alignment here. features Okay, what that is and overall.
The message is also so clear Again, what about what is it supposed to be?
I think I you mentioned all the points that I have here so it's by cotton.
It's just like the colors of like especially the pink jumping in your eye.
You have numbers not in each buy. Okay, if these numbers in the power, but then, like here and like, you don't have numbers.
So it's like something that's very you think about the the type of chart that we see is kind of a stacked and vertically.
I heard only stick part chart. the problem. is that it's hard to compare the length of the bars that are in the middle like it's easy to see okay. you the the the category completely satisfied is highest
at the top, and then it becomes a little bit lower but for instance, here the grey category great because there's some squeeze between the other bars, so it's hard to compare robotic but again, maybe that's not the
purpose of this graph, which we don't know Okay, and then, my final final graph.
What do you think here, if we're supposed to be comparing the Us.
Population segmentation to the our customers. segmentation runs into the same issue that you just described with the the middle elements not being aligned with each other.
So it's not you know super easy to just make a Yes, yeah, you've also got the like the bright color issue where the yellow and the green and the top are like a little bit distracting relative to the less sprite colors
below. Yeah, indeed, it's actually the most important key points here also.
Okay, your formatting has also not so nice colors and again.
There's no key point like it's just too, it's just basically to 2 graphs next each other.
But it's not clear what is the book messages like What should we focus on here?
Okay, these are kind of my initial examples. of graphs that are it has some issues.
And now let's look how we could do better and there I want to focus on 3 main points.
That are very important when you think about creating a visual.
The first is is to remove to take out the complexity as much as you can.
It's actually quite contrary to to what you do usually usually you just thrive in complexity.
But if you come, create a visual, you want to take it out much as you can.
You want to focus attention. So you want to really show the threes to the audience like what should be the what should they focus on?
And you wanna wrap it in the story as my personal.
So it sticks. Okay, the first example is actually our first one.
The pie chart here. I have a little bit more context for you.
So the actual the extra data Actually, visualization has 2 components.
So you have. You ask some students before it, or kids before summer camp.
How do you like science? Then they gave some answer, and you asked them also after the science camp, How much, how science come, And obviously what you want to see is, do they like science more or less after the camp the visual that you have now is, in
this. Do you think this kind of visualization this is good to compare before and after?
I I don't think so because can't at one glance immediately clean like what the change was you kind of have to.
They're each category. See you have a change so the same.
The same solvings up just before the color ring, the formatting
The legend that you have to go back and forth.
The main point is that it's really difficult to compare c.
On one glance. Is it actually more or less? And how could you do it better?
So one way to really just do it very simple is to just so.
One or 2 numbers. So here you would just say, you have aggregate kind of the areas.
I think it was good or excited, and then you end up with 68%.
If you're, if you have to 2 categories aggregated, and and if you aggregate it before you only have 44%.
So if you want to express kind of the change in one number, you would say 60.
8% of the kids liked or had interest with science compared to 44%.
So that's that's actually in one number so it's more like a newspaper.
I have one, and the the message would be The pilot program was success.
So you have like a very short message. and you immediately have only one number of support that So that would be the simplest way. You're not even a graph.
So just numbers second overall. So basically a summary emphasis on the view on a few key numbers, key message, clap, hind.
Also one thing that I want to discuss is even if you have a lot of data from experiments, from observations, from your from the analysis, your audience doesn't necessarily need to see it all You just need to see the leg show the message or
show, like the most important insights. Not all the data over here like 1 1 one on a comment. I get a lot to see.
But Florian number. it depends on your audience, right so of course, like if you, if you know, talk to fellow students or colleagues that actually now, now, the yeah, your your whatever you're doing.
Quite well. then, of course, you can also show the data because that will That's where they will be interested in 5 5 for a data scientist.
I'll not give them one number i'll because they will say, Yeah, but give me more details of course, if you if you present to like a lay lay audience or friends or manager management.
Then you want to keep it. simple. Okay. second option how to to present to stater.
So here is we have a vertical archer, and what was done here is the color was used in order to distinguish between before and after, and you want to spread especially stress the after.
So that that was color blue the other way, like a non-government.
Collect something great. And you see here that the the insights are actually labeled along with the the data of the graph.
But it's also like something that you can can use this technique.
You don't always have to put your graph on your text below it.
Just just mention with them in, and you can immediately see also the difference.
So you just you compare blue and gray, and you immediately See?
Oh, okay here, excited kind of interested it's way higher than before, and okay, it's way less than before.
So you see. Okay, it went from okay, to to excitement and that's also why, like you see, highlighting was used very sparsely.
But at the important points. So this part that you want to pay attention to in any day.
Blue kind of interested in the blue excitement. They are highlighted, empty.
Ok. Gray is highlighted because those are the ones that change significantly.
And here's some description also again in the relevant colors.
And again, if the heading to kind of bring it all together.
So very simple backwards, and one of the easiest, easiest chat you can choose.
They are in together in one chart before and after it's important, because then you can compare easier and only 2 colors and clear message. and I also have a third option.
There's, of course, hundreds of options how you could visualize.
This is another kind of chart where you kind of show the trend.
So we have again learned the left before and on the right after. and again you go category by category, and you see. And again, you highlight what you want to highlight again, like the the blue message is Okay, excitement and interesting goes up one
100 the orange messages majority go went down so that's That's also one option to show here.
The problem is a little bit the ordering might not be consistent anymore like, because here it's like not the ordering depends on the value.
So not great port. Ok, kind of we actually here it fits, but it might not always fit. So that's a little bit.
The problem. This also works. You already see that, depending on the type of chart you choose, you always have advantages of disadvantages.
So that's not the solution like one fitted all strategy to panic for heart, but generally tendency should be to do it as simple as you can.
Okay. Second example. And again, here is a still a new example it's a little bit more complex.
So I want you to take like also one or 2 min, just to try to soak it in like what is happening here, and then let me know what you think like.
What is the message here? I think the lines show how ?
Like what the aggregate arrival delay is for these 2 different airlines as the is. and then each point on the scatter plot is a collection of flights for that distance and time.
So like how many samples they exactly Do you already see a message here like what could be do?
What could be take away from this graph? It seems like, oh, most obvious takeaway is that for? look around a 1,000 miles or so, usually about a 20 min.
Delay for anything else for like since there's like a line going through like it like, and I want to like see like it makes me think it wants to show that, like as distance increases, there's a relationship with like the
delay time, but it looks like like delta, like as the distance increases the delay.
Time goes down, and then with American it goes up a little.
Then other flights also decreases. but and the scaling is just I don't know if it wants us to. it. doesn't seem like There's that much of a relationship.
And of course I think the 1 one very simple message that maybe is, maybe you want to be so should be conveyed.
Here is that American and Delta just have i'm more on time than other airlines. at least of you.
I can order the the to large distances okay but you you're in. see?
It's quite difficult to get draw the message out here and to just soak in what is happening.
The reason is that this graph is 4 dimensional. So you have the airline. You have the number of flights to bubble size, and you have 2 axis, and that makes it very, very difficult to read it.
Plus. you have this kind of you have the bubbles, and then you also have the average line on top of it.
So it's a lot of information here, actually so it's it's more like you're looking at the whole data set.
What is good here in comparison to the other graph we look before is that the coloring is kind of smooth right?
It's easy on the eye it's not strong you see the differences clearly.
It's a nice chart, It looks just looks pleasant and that's very complex.
It's very, very complex. so how could you make it simpler.
So one way again would be to just go down to one or 2 dimension and make a part chart and aggregate a look, for instance, something like that.
So here we just averaged the arrival in the mean delay per airline over the independent of the links.
Here, you see, in like 1 s. Okay, American ad delta f weightless delay than the other.
A lanes I made. But maybe this information is not.
You need more context. you need more, because maybe you can say, but American airlines are such a small airline. they are clearly an outlier, and they can be compared to the others.
So you could support it. Then, with the second graph, where you see. Okay, but you see it in comparison to the other airlines.
Delta and American Ellen are not small. they deliver a lot of flights.
So these are These are not outliers so that's what you So that's how you could kind of build up a story starting from one graph.
Very simple showered, and then supported with some other.
Some other graphs are really simple to read, and where you are, where you only have 2 dimensions.
They held the All and the airlines and the arrival time you could do.
Now do a third where you where you show something. Maybe we still the number of flights.
Time, times, distance or so. but again, just keep it very simple and just like attach it to your to the story that you've already started.
So you have 1, one really clear mechanical message in the end that you can come.
They are not 4 or 5, because 4 or 5 key messages.
The more you have, the more that is to dissolve them. and at the end no one.
Now no one remembered. Okay, what was actually the main point here, I mean, I remember like this and this.
But there's like 1 1 one really important point that you Want the audience to remember. and this you should build you all the graphs around.
Then, actually last last last time I present I got a very good comment.
But the floor. And if you do that, do you not kind of trick people, I mean, do you not?
Are the interpreted data as I show the data as you want people to see it.
Yes, of course, but that but that's what you do anyway.
Mean i'm not telling you that you should like to think up with the data, and just like so screwed up and fake it, or something.
But just like boil it down like shout in the in the dimension that you want people to see it.
And of course, how you want them to see the subjective for you.
Go, of course, but there's no way around it like every every time you make a presentation subjective, and because we want data to be objective.
But the message, and how you interpret the data is always subjective I think there's a question in the audience to sharp.
Oh, yeah, yeah, I was. I was gonna sort of bring that same thing up.
I was gonna ask, especially when you talk about removing complexity from a graph sort of tread.
The line between like the graph, easier to digest versus.
Just remove moving. used graph like, for instance, in this example it's not easy to discern what the relationship between the distance traveled and the delay.
Time is, whereas that was something we could observe. indeed.
Yeah, indeed. you always lose information. Of course, if you remove complexity, question is which one which one went to, you know which one do you want to remove?
True. So is it just about like, what kind of what do you want?
The the viewer of the graph to take away in versus like.
I want them to come to their own conclusions based on no that that's the job that you have to do that that that's the that's the goal of the visualization.
Well, you shouldn't do our conclusions, for anyone but you should prepare kind of as you see the data, and you should support the conclusion that you draw based on the data, and since, like just analyzing the data or analyzing
anything it's very. it's a very very complex process you cannot explain each and every step in a presentation, especially not if you have only one or 2 min.
So that's why you have to think about Okay, now, if I only have like a little bit of time.
200 like what is actually the highlight that I identified with the data like what?
What is the point that that I really saw the strongest?
And then you try to create, and the visuals accordingly around around that that that once thing that you want people to kind of the thing that you found really cool, or you want people to remember.
And this cannot be everything. Of course you have, like lot of correlations and curves you can draw, but not all of them might be important or interesting.
And of course, if you talk, then to fellows your colleagues or fellow students, and it's really about drilling down in the details and testing the hypothesis, then you can go deeper and you have to go
deeper. But if it's about just presenting something spreading some really crucial insights in a short time, then maybe not so much.
Then you need to simplify. I hope this makes sense but it's indeed it's not easy.
This is very, very difficult, and I found that especially many technical people like, including myself, is very heartbreaking, always right, because you have, like all these gigantic complexity which you really like, and which you understand.
But now you need to take it all away, and only a little bit remains.
But this is the easiest thing how you can present it to other people in the end.
So there's a trade-off and you always have to always think carefully like what is my audience, and how much complexity do I need to remove?
In other words, it sticks okay for one, a final example.
This is the the one we also saw before. Yeah, this is also the most complex example, because here a lot of stuff is happening.
So you may ask, like, Okay, how do I turn this into a nice visual that people can to our conclusion from really quickly, like one idea is again like, First, you take all the you focus on one category.
Maybe at a time. So, for instance, let's focus on the category have not used.
So first of all here. Okay, the graph is nicer format it's easier on the eye if you do reduce some lines theater, in order to avoid the clustering also Now there's a key message on top and the
key message is that the user says that the set section varies greatly by feature.
And to make the point here is that you focus on one category at a time, and show that so, for instance, here the feature I have not used the feature.
See it. it's a depending on the feature like between 50 and 0.
Some features were always used, and feature was never used, and again coloring, very spared is sparsely mostly used.
And to it also here, like a little description again, like feature, always used a little like more than a way way less than the others.
You could now go on and do that with the other categories.
For instance, you you summarize the categories where people were satisfied or very satisfied and completely satisfied.
And then you quickly can show that the feature Np.
Were at the most people people are satisfied with. But I had one more.
I had one more graph where you put all it off there together.
But again too complex. I hope this makes sense. Do you have any question here?
And this was this example. Well, again, the main main, the main thing is always taking away the complexity.
Here, for instance, like, and only show what you need to show.
You want to show, for instance, here, not like this is all great out like, because we don't want to focus on it right now in this graph there's no numbers here in these gray areas and so forth.
And the only one to show the numbers here where it matters, and the only highlight you can in color the areas where it matters is by way of winters.
Is looking at the time. I had a little bit of storytelling, but on you I own one or 2 slides.
But maybe let's try and see whether we still have time for it at the end. So I can still show you little bit of twos and tons mammothy downs did I also care that also in the book.
Okay, So this is one of the quotes from book.
So power corrupts Powerpoint absolutely grubs.
That is that if you if you have if you have a simple table, there are some standards like what the tables should look like, and, for instance, a table shouldn't have any vertical lines in it, it's something just one of the table
rules. And if you look at all of these templates, for instance, excel or Powerpoint, then 80% of those they developed.
I have a basic table rules. let's be careful you just get something like that to just always be careful.
So it like the best. The best tables, obviously are like C and D.
Here because they're the most simple and they don't have as through the lines as possible.
And and you have to add the column. the column names are kind of highlighted somehow, and it's it.
This is like way too much clutter. and the formatting is not correct like this.
Yeah, here's even worse, like what it takes you 10 times as much as to reach here as here, just because the formatting is just the coloring is very good.
Okay, coloring. I already talked a lot about it. I think that always be very careful with coloring.
So, for instance, here you see all the States in the Us.
And you see the population grows, and of course you can mean you can distinguish.
Then use one color for each state and then you get a rainbow What's the point?
I mean it's just very, very distracting and you could use color just to do something like that, for instance, you want to just pinpoint the differences between different regions.
And here you can see with in 1 s that okay in the West, you at the North population growth.
Then you uses strategically to make a point one like this.
So you you call it by reason, and then you additionally on top.
You you highlight Maybe Texas, because you because your presentation of the both population growth of Texas something like that Louisiana's also highlighted.
So it's it's a mixture of choosing the color, and also how strong you use it threed.
Don't don't go threed so again your powerpoint in excel.
You will it will there's a lot of threed charts.
But the problem with threed charts is that I mean everyone that did some basic course in mathematics.
And I said, If you if you if you if you want to have a, you have a threed visualized on a display in twod, you always lose information as it's not possible to.
So if you want to visual threed and a two-day display, maybe later on in 10 years, when we have threed displays cool, cool thing. Yeah.
Because then everyone can know. Do something with but as long as you have our 2 do one twod monitors and beamers.
It's not just not good for instance, just here like an example like What do you think?
How many people died in the first place, on the teutonic like you would think it's 290 or something, but it's actually 310.
Or so. so it is just because of the threed you just you can you lose a lot of accuracy?
You cannot see anymore what's the exact number is and it just it's also it's more difficult for the eye to catch what's going on.
Small cognitive energy. So there's no there's no again, and going threed.
It's really no game. No one like you just you just make money for people to strike the graph.
You also can. if you have something like this is also very very difficult, I mean because if you're on the right hand side here in the picture, you it's very difficult to see like where this blue spot here in this blue dot is in
space because I could. Is it? Is it like more on the left, or is it deeper, or it's very hard to see?
So again, if you if you have like, a like a visual utilization engine where where you can, then the fly like, move it, and then it's cool.
But if you just want to print it on twod very difficult to see.
Actually where these points line space. Okay, then, I think we have 10 more minutes, some of some examples from our research.
But maybe if you want, we can spend like one or 2 that's on storytelling.
But before I do that, do you have any like questions that came up spontaneously in the last 50 min, or anything else.
But I didn't talk about yeah I was wondering like, How did you learn like, Was it just kind of like their experience, like, How did you learn like in kind of like an order to portray? was it?
Like you were seeing people weren't understanding the point of your message or just a curiosity of data visualization.
I guess, like what was kind of like. your process so of like starting an industry, and then realizing like, was it enough bad Powerpoint presentations.
And you're like I need to change something that's a bad idea in general, like I always I always run into the issue.
Also when I was doing my PHD: Okay, Now I have some graphs here.
But how do I? Is there any guidance and Then you start googling?
I was like, Okay, I don't, know, just and then, it just start to your own stuff, and you think Oh, it's really hard, like a hot way.
How do I display the without confusing at everyone?
And then I had to say, of course, like an industry is even worse, because like, if you write an academic paper, you can like you can give a lot of time to kind of make a very nice graph, and put it in the paper.
But yes, we're very accurate and in industry you don't have so much time, and especially the people you talk who don't have so much time.
So you want to you want to. also. make it for them so that they can. You can send it afterwards, and they can reshape it or so forth like It's always It was always a question like how do I make a little bit
better like, What can I do? And then I started. Actually, I asked Patto like would be cool to do some training on that, and kind of said, Yeah, why not?
Are you doing to give the training? And then I started to to to just look at.
Okay, what is safer? What books are there? And actually the law of books, a lot of cool books.
And such starts reading on it and started to create some examples and there you go.
It's really just a thing of thinking about it like if you see a visual like to think like, Okay, how could I do that?
Or how could it else have done it? And actually, also, my girlfriend is also is working on.
Communication is the same same problem she always has to think like, Ok.
But this is not nice, but just known to understand this like how would you do it better, and it's there's no magic recipe.
It's, more like practice and just like I think understanding that it can't maybe do just think about the options and try try different things.
And if you, if you like it, maybe ask, ask a friend like Oh, how do you understand what I did here?
Is it? Is it easy for you to guess nice on the eye or Yeah. And then it's the time It gets easier, I guess.
Yeah, you know that I think I was really interested if like because it sounds like it was kind of a natural progression of it.
You didn't like have someone set you down and be like you need to work on this skill of data visualization. Yeah.
So, which is like inch because I yeah it's a very useful skill.
But we don't really have like formal trading on it That's good.
Yeah, that's what I also saw it could be cool to get some formal training.
But there's not too much I mean there are some consultant that gives you workshops, and so forth and yes, formal trainings. I don't know whether they're so specific forces on that maybe I think like I said like
if you like, especially for data scientists, or for anyone Really, that works with a lot of data and need to present it's kind of a very useful skill to just think about.
After 15 years. Thank you. Okay, so is, do we still have actually time for?
Is that 7 min? October? Yes, we look up saying Any other question before I start has 2 more slides.
Let me know of anything else that you want curious about we're here to you.
Okay. care of It's a storytelling Storytelling is also like It's a basic.
We see an own field on its own and it doesn't necessarily always have to do with visualization.
It. but of course, as you saw before it's very good to link those 2
So giving nice visuals and erupting a story around it, and how like a lot of people to it!
It's just like you Okay, you open your powerpoint and then you do some bullet points.
You that's it. and then and you just to kind of in one of the books where they try to mock that a little bit.
And then I said, Yeah, okay. you know what we did. We take one of the one of the most famous stories, the Red Riding Hut, and we put in Powerpoint, and then this could comes out like a fuck baseball point story like Red
Riding Hood. Our age has to work to 5 miles from Point A home to Point B.
Grandma's rah musical who first runs ahead to grandma's second Easter, and 3 addresses in a closed.
Our age arrives at grandmother at 2 P. M.
Ask her 3 questions identified problem after third question. Wolf is our age solution, vendor, employees, tool, com, grimmer, and Rh.
5 and the wall. it's all correct it's all accurate, but it's very boring and takes away all the child's story.
So it's there was kind of this kind of the pointer. So, designing powerpoint slide, we're designing basically anything you want to communicate like how can you make it a little bit interesting and not just list like to think
fan. So here's some very basic ideas I Guess as I said, is a lot of things like there's a lot of concept like, How do you like? do an elevator pitch?
Like, How do you talk about your your master? Thesis? Your Phdc.
Is your project in 1 min an elevator to anyone.
How do you do it in 3 min, and so forth? But the some main points that are always very may good to take care of is that you, when that for the story set you want to tell that you think a little bit about it like what is
your audience. And what do you want your audience to remember? And this would be really only 1 point, maybe 2.
But just one is just one highlight, like What is it that you want your audience to remember?
And it's good that you just write it down and create like a short 3 min story, like some sciences not so much, but like what? what is the to your audience when 2 women should be structured in the following way So usually you have a
beginning, and the beginning is always the catch like I don't know in the English word. but it's kind of to catch people's attention.
So why why why should I now listen to you for like 2 min in the elevator?
So what is what is in for me? And this is about introducing the plot a little bit like the context.
Maybe it's connected to everyone's people's lives So if you work, if you do something for instance, that let's say reduces traffic jams cost you have a cool logistic system.
It's aligned don't you also hate sending traffic and waiting.
The average person is spending so on so much lie at the time of their life something something like that, something that where you can reach the audience and connect to the challenges and problems of the of the audience, also then comes to the middle and
this is the system. What is actually the precise problem? And how do you tackle that?
What is important here is that the problem should you should give by one example.
So not the the model, and no form has whatever and how you solve it again.
You don't want to solve. like, Okay, I did visit the data. They did it, did it, did this but focus on 2 or 3 things that you did.
Maybe not more, but more like 2 or 3 things. How did you solve it?
What was like the key thing that you did not a to achieve what you did achieve then in the last part it's like the end.
It's kind of okay, there you can you can you can you can call to action, especially if you feel that's the intention.
But sometimes you don't you don't want necessary the audience to do something sometimes just about remembering what you did, and then to tie back to the beginning.
The the point you started with. Remember the traffic jams.
Now, now, with the help of this, you that we build, we can reduce traffic jams in in the city by 30%. or so.
Think there also some cool Youtube videos on this, on this like storytelling, probably a lot of very good examples.
And my former universities. They even had kind of a competition for PHD.
Competition where PHD. students should present their work in, I think, 2 or 3 min, Marx.
And then there was like a voting of who had the best, and they want a price, and they also they always use these kind of structure.
To actually effectively communicate what they did in a PHD.
Like what they did in 4 years, in 3 min, which is, can you can imagine?
Very well. I hope this gives you a least some intuition.
Maybe you even have heard before. This is this is something that you will hear your probably from different corners in different fields.
But there's also I think, if ever useful tech skill to just think about it how you want to communicate something.
So my micro method would be, Please I hope you you. And now I have. whenever you look at visuals in the future, you remember a little bit on thinking to but strategies how to or to make your own visuals in the future
thank you so much, Florian a and let's say you a run of a plus to Dr.
Arnold for his presentation, and for introducing us to the concept of veterans agent.
I am very useful for us as a practice, I mean when I call it.
You guys take advantage of the recommendations to portray your own for you, Frole.
And is it okay to say that if they have questions they can reach you in a way, if that's what people do, I mean it shown.
If this is the case, to like channel, those through me, or would they be able to then reach out to you directly?
Yes, sure, any time great. Thank you for that. I appreciate that.
Well, have a good weekend, everyone, and see seeing you in our next meeting.